So yeah, but quick, could be but but usually no actually it looks like the Bye for now you Okay, so this was just, I had a two level. Okay, this is not good detection right now, but yeah, usually it's better. So you can put it there, then you can say just something like, go.

then stop around and then you can have also something like next and then help take to the next session. So this is the idea about The funny thing is that it's also very good for transc ribing meetings actually. It's much better than Gemini because you just, just when you have a huge blob of text and then, then you can put some context around. So okay, there's the, the calendar wide. This was the Slack thread around the meeting. These are the Google Docs and then it creates a very good transcript of, of your meeting because it knows all the context around the meeting as well. So it can even make some sense of stuff that it not fully can recognize from, from the wording, you know, jammer off-mass issues with acronyms or product names. This is much easier because Code Code can then map this kind of similar sounding words to the products based on the other context that give them, like putting them in. Cool. Yeah. I can also stop it. Okay, so this was just the thing and I mean and this runs locally this runs on SSH This lungs in runs also. I'm just working on open shell integration. So this by by the way, this is something I'm doing on the weekends. It's not something I'm doing for work. That's cool. So the news up is yeah, that's nice That's what I need to talk to people. We're off bitch and they have an open shell set up. It's almost like a day. Now I'll appreciate it, so actually at the moment I'm also trying to work on that. together with Caganti and Oppenshaal and how this would all be. And also, I've got to catch any over all this way, because it's a tons of stuff. sometimes not technically not very And so we have to coordinate with IBM research and an octo what we want to do with Cajendi because I'm not super convinced that Cajendi has a lot of ... Current current assignment so to say yeah, yeah, so long that We had a gateway meeting and Morgan was there and we ended up uh... inspire stuff. - Off-road, just one of the things. Yep, yep. - Yeah, and one of the things, one of the feedback I had was like, well, we're investing in this partner relationship with a video. It looks like they're doing... us off break. I said, man in the middle, side car proxy thing, if someone were. And I was like, well-- of those that's doing totally. Should we be looking at that and integrating with that? No, totally agree. So that's a question. That's a second. Yeah. This is where I'm going. Yeah, so I'm not sure what your opinion is on the magnet. So, there is a great, great kind of overlap. So the big question actually is do you want to have Opens hellia as a mandatory requirement for agents? Because otherwise you could still benefit from Cagienti way of dealing with toppings or with Spiffy if you do not use Openshell. But of course we need to decide how we switch off the off bridge stuff if running with Openshell. I agree that all the shells should own that kind of identity. part. And also the token exchange part probably because both open has a more difficult thing because there are more identities than a single one you have you have one identity for the supervisor in there and then you have identities for the agent that are one by the other. but for Spiffy Spire, the identity is bound to the port itself. So you have a single identity for a single deployment unit, but regardless how many ages are running within that and processes. And so how can you make split the fan out kind of multiple? And so the idea is to have something like internal, like the supervisor is part of the authorisation. is to serve and then the supervisor itself signs your different agents processes and save there and then they get their own identities and can still be tracked back to the original CA. So this is the current proposal that I'm just working on for and discuss this with the steric and marine and let's see how this goes. But as I said, the SPF is a story with with our michets more complicated than the other. And so part of it we need to... And also the Cajaniyote bridge stuff is really technically not very... hard dependency on kick-lock. There is the admin API key included in the conflict map. So you have a really aesthetic token to connect to the kick -lock, which is obviously not a very good approach when it comes to token, for example, rotators. So yeah, so tons of changes. Yeah, it's really true. So I guess I think what we're looking at. Unless it's a good one. which I don't know why we would like our value problem. Yeah, don't take me with one to create a second. So, you know. Yeah, I told him. But this is something, Edd was also not so 100% clear. And I think this is something product management should really think about what we want to offer. And also it's a question of the timeline because at the moment we have a high pressure from customers so many customers are asking about agents and especially the identity prep and I'm not sure I'll because actually the pressure is to get something to TP for three five which is very close. And this is something I'm not sure that we get there. And so the question is really whether we have an immediate step and with the event that we want to have or push out as the final. Well, would it make more sense to do? 'Cause I don't know. required. I know some of the problems. I did it just today. It's got the whole Docker and K3s modes, but doesn't support other things. But I thought there. And it's already not sure. So there's some portment support. There's the Opel Shift support with some caveats. So, but but there there's work I'm going to to get this running independent of K3s or whatever - Yeah, one thing I'm wondering. It's a fast-moving community. It looks like it was-- Bye. Otherwise And we also are-- we're-- We have We're not there yet. But, like, uh... We should be like average eat heavily lemme before we have. one of the things that I take with us and everyone. secured patches that. Don't... Thank you. fast but like What I'm wondering about is if the work is it delta? where we basically do like a down. version of Openshell and we just apply whatever at least that. You know, I don't even know if this is viable and then we try to get it upstream, but if it doesn't You can ship, it's only pre- later but you. Yeah, so this is the part I'm not really inside so I'm very pretty pretty new to the opening up So I was already focusing only on the identity part. I'm not really inside and how the overall setup is really. So with the open shell and how it's integrated in OpenShift. But I will learn more around that. But obviously this could be always a possibility to say, okay, let's start in this case, mid stream and then hope it goes to upstream. But I'm not sure how much Nvidia has a say in there. But I 'm pretty sure they have a lot because people are really working very closely with Nvidia. So as I said, I'm not really involved. More on the... Yeah, yeah, it's a good one. I just think it's a question we should ask like baby doesn't make sense And I would wonder what at all would say because like at all may say hey if there's a way It's a big thing. At some point they were delivering open shins. was a CP capability or there was a thought of that. I'm wondering if we ended up with something like what we used to do where it's like Red Hat Build or what we still do like Red Hat Build. where it's like the... soon that in products. So we're, you know, we're, we're actually shipping it, but they're the team that's building it and in some cases it was in both. I wonder if that might be a possibility there, but this is definitely like a dare. like Derek. should we try to move fast on open show? If you think there's problems, like, fuck. Well, I guess you're gonna go. Ah, that'd be, that'd be the- But I understand. No, but yeah, yeah, this this are curious because it now might be like, you know what I Saying it's uh, jim. I'm going to go to the next one. Maybe more related to you. Maybe like, oh, this is a better one. Yeah, we're gonna replace it with the other stuff. Bye! Yeah, so I'm talking with that list. So our current working hypothesis is that we really wanted to ship something minimal. That's important. So that we really have to have this agent brand or label batch somewhere. And this is something so minimal that we really say, because this is something we kind of assure that it will persist even with the operational integration. For example, how you can... What represents an agent within the cluster? So there's a single entity, it's called agent runtime. And this we can we can re dedicated to different things. But actually, this is the thing we have more data that creates that. And the idea that later on, open shell will create this kind of representation of of of agent within the cluster that is then picked up by by UI and and other stuff, which are registries who can who list the run. So this is the idea, but I agree with that. So we really try to minimize the impact. at the moment because we are not for many parts, we are not sure whether this is something that is really need for example, ancient card. Ancient card is a part of of caginti and we want to remove that part. And so we don't want to support it because it doesn't add much weight. over other stuff. So yeah, so yeah, the current model. Okay , so so you don't have, when you said that Kijenti was probably, Like, bad we should have been. It's far like long. Yeah, so I think it's kind of over engineered in certain parts. That's for example, ancient card, I think the value, it's a read only C only, by the way. It's just created and you can just read it. And there's a signature on there, but the signature just, there's an it's not a station of provenance. So it's just saying this comes from that agent. It doesn't say that the probabilities that are in the agent card are really coming from the agent or that the agent supports even these probabilities. If there's no other station of the probabilities, but only of where it comes from. And this is not not not not more than MTLS does as well with the client certificate. So client certificate also kind of ensures that it is tested that this comes from this agent and so we plan to move to MTLS for this Come! Trust information for that and and HNCard actually dot dot dot. plus there are tons of different other technical challenges that are not. - Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm kind of scared. I know we want them better gates. No, we're like, "Vectable, we're just planning to..." Okay, perfect. Yeah So you had a list of things you want to talk about I assume this is one of a lot But I just want to make sure I've I've done really really big things actually I just just wanted to to just connect because we haven't met this for a long time Yes, sorry, I kept working out where like yeah, actually either you or I was also was gone I was a coupon and another thing so but but no problem, so that tons of stuff So I'm working also on this and I like together with Josh. Right. Yes. How's that going? By the way. Yeah. So this is a very interesting project to be honest. So because it's a completely safe driven, I would say, so from the process, a project setup, I would say, it's different than other projects because it's a lot of about safe responsibility. So we have no Cheeros, for example, or anything else. So we are just doing stuff from different expertise. So my task is to get analyzed on OpenShift and keep it running. So move it out from that notebook on Opelshift. And this works nice. So it kind of gets set forward. So we use a lot of-- and actually I'm deep in spectrum development these days. So I do everything there with spec kit and also a personal extension on top spec kit, which makes it a little even a little bit more more convenient and combined. For example, I'm not sure whether you know sweet, sweet, sweet powers. This is kind of a-- - It's on my right. done anything with it. I'm curious whether it will be code generation process. - So actually it's very good for code practice. So they're very good code review skills and has very good brainstorming skills for that stuff. And so I'm combining kind of superpowers with speckage. So this is the combination that I'm using. And there are tons of stuff, I think more than 100 specks. And this works really nicely. Also, I'm working on how to make this better suitable for collaborative work. So for spectrum development is good for solar projects. So if you're alone, you can iterate on this very quickly. But if you want to collaborate on this within a team, then it's difficult to make how do you make the review process? Do you rev the spec to the code? And even the spec itself is huge. So it's far too much to read for any sense. it will rev you. And so I'm having some compressed version and really pointing out these are the critical parts and you should really put an eye on that one and don't invest more than 30% of the time. review process and this is what we are trying out or did some experiments with the Llamistic team. So it worked quite nicely. So I'm preparing some presentations. Yeah, so just saying and this I use with the analyze and this work really nicely So I did a lot of stuff like multiplexing of rockers as an cronus Cores there, so this is really really quite cool on the spectrum, are you at like a-- Develop from like throw away the code from the spec and just regenerate the code every time model or you'd more - It's a good phone case, code source value. I would say it's a mix. So I'm keeping the specs. So Josh has more on the side to throw away the specs after the implementation is done because it also serves as a good memory, to be honest. So of course you always can put code on the code and say, okay, expect your own things about what the code is doing. But even if the spec and the spec is kind of accurate, and I have even some skills which calls spec evolve, which takes the code. code and reverse engineers into the spec again. So it's something that you, that it really aligns the, the specification with the code because after the spec , after the information is done, I have, I have to fine tune sometimes. And for fine tuning, I don't change the spec and then recreate the code, I just worked directly on the code. But after I'm ready with fine tuning, I'm, I'm putting back the changes into the spec. So what, what I've changed, what I've updated and keep that committed on that. And then the cool, it's going to even touch my, my type of spec. So it's also quite good. And really looking which spec is really affected on the code change there. It's not perfect, of course. It's still some gap there. But this is my mode that I kind of keep a little bit the global view as well in the specs in there. I'm not honestly sure how helpful it is over the long run. But for now it's quite nice to point it back to say, "Oh, we have decided this in the past, what happened?" And such a thing. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I'm very, Project set. tend to have like a design spec that's there. I'm not-- and that's where like I used it for a few I And like, I think maybe it's-- what it's good at, like for me. Granted, we're doing everything. or what I would do with spec but you know I know it's like they have all these conventions and everything. Some folks had had complaints about spectrum. about it. I'm not sure if you guys have had... Maybe we're up together. So we both do the OpenShift stuff. They're christened. And I... Actually, yeah, so he also has to wherever my spec kids stuff. So... That's okay. Okay. But, but, but no, that's cool. I mean, I'm like... collaboration on some of this AI first stuff. But if you are like, yeah, totally. So I hope by the way, I've already sent in some full requests for for the R Okay, cool. So yeah, because I think what was missing was really that the title was never really touched. So the title of Oh yes, sorry you sent me a link on that. Yeah, yeah, but I think this is super important because the title appears very often in this kind of lists and dashboards and therefore very expressive title is for me is always super important. So something like very generic but says, oh, make this TP, this is not very helpful. So it's something more like. Yeah, yeah, I agree with you that I looked at the patch. I like how you... I was wondering about it as well. associated from the assessor and like part of the because like we have we have like in the auto fix there's like a fee that We have some others. I think it makes me... as part of the title evaluation itself. But I wasn't. Yeah, this is it. No, no, no, I just wanted to put out that The task is important to look at the title. I'm not meant that the patch that I've sent in is really the final tool. I'm also not sure whether it's a right place to put it in, which part of it. So yeah, but I think this is a would be a funner of course I would not I'm trying out some I have a skill which is called trust skill, which is based to improve skills because I work together with Belgium, you know, Belgium, so I've heard in the book with him, Kibanes Patan, and he's very on this high-level concept thing. So he has written a book about prompt engineering. So it's a book about 300 pages with about tons of papers included and all. And I took, he gave me the source of the book and I created a plot plugging out of it and said, "Okay, please improve my prompts." And, on a prompt or assess my prompts, whether they are good or not on a scale from 1 to 12. This is very, very helpful. And then I combine it with a skill that say, okay, this is the prompt engineering part, but they are also good practices for skills. And now let's review the skill itself. And then you can say for review your own skills. So the skill that improves skills can also be rated by the skill. So this kind of thing. Yeah. I like the Sherlock Holmes. Yeah. Exactly. Who did it? I did it. But of course, I... Therefore, I'm super interested in entering works about the e-wails for agents, but that really improves the skill I have no not really a good idea So the skill gets a little bit longer a little bit more like adding error conditions for example or edge cases and whatnot So that the it's the skill itself is more robust. It also fixes the triggers that the triggers are more robust But I have not really a good idea whether it's a proof is our kitesmara. So for that I think the evil frame-rock Yeah, so this is one of my tasks as well, so check out. Yes, so this is the stuff I'm crying Yeah. If you have a really good. where you feel pretty good. I can show you one sword. This is called... This is a little bit dangerous. I'm not sure what to do with it because I think it's a good example for what you can do with spectrum development. So there are around 50 specs. I'm just used at the site to see how far I can go in. This is called Yeah, I haven't done much because so this was the idea where this was at the time. So if you go on that one, so this is something I meant to be as a, so this was a tie-berry structure. Remember that there was some back and forth and some exploration so set it some prototype and I saw it okay Let's let's take that as a test drive for spectrum development So this is really only a test out for spectrum development and if you go there on the So, so this is a project that has zero stars, zero stars. And so it's just there for, for thinking, I'm pretty sure it works well. So I also used it for the benchmarks on tool calling and so on. So it really works quite well with Cren and other stuff for, for implementing open AI responses API. So this was the goal and also using sandbox executions and other stuff for code execution tool calling. So it's really very, very capable, I would say, but But at the end I'm just, I'm not committed to it. So it's just as I said. So you see this is the specs that I... And you know, you do a spec and then you keep it running like that. And yeah, so this was just to find out where the boundaries , I haven't found yet any limit for spectrum development. And yeah, so this is something I would say this is a kind of a prototype project that you can do with spectrum development as a solar developer as a side pro. Don't forget to subscribe! I can't let you have that. We're done. And one of the things we really, like last week we had a face to face. We had one pending. Last week in the face to face, we kind of, one of the big things we really want to understand how response is fits in. So we came up with approach and we're getting But basically essentially we end up with like two elements. We end up with two elements. Yeah, it's just a white. Yeah, there's an outer which does some pre-dub filters. And then there's this interloop circuit. domain specific stuff in the basic Bye! as you probably feel better than anybody like a lot of. - No body bass. - Yeah, yeah. - Body bass routing stuff is-- It doesn't do like retries and there's like like that. So basic idea. the art that does like beeper work. We go. Best separation. handling like the parts that are after like the first part. the second part would get into like all the way. you know orchestrating. model exchanges and going back and forth between the responses. in whatever the translation layer is. And in general... for payload processor plugins between both the service and the outer ombre on wood layer. Same logic. However. is the only way. praxis. Mm-hmm. That's terrible to do. If you about yeah, okay. And so like praxis like they're really... AI use cases and so like it does re-entry and body based building. sort of like first class design. It was originally written to like, he hopes one day. But just in trying to do that. with the gateway. heavy lift. So basically where we ended up with the discussion yet. the search. framework on top. So like some of the agapeoplasm.com. filtering implementations that are in Raxes and some wouldn 't and some would be shared. and the layer there. So what this effect-- completely reflective. But it might, OGX might live... a file. that the more maybe it'll be factor. But the core detention is at the core. use cases and then we would have all Yeah, come here. Yeah, all other health. So it's really nice. I think we can have the really nice architecture. It's hard to get there because it all coming into the room. But one Great! Rust further. And I'm sure you're probably aware of all the recentings, reasons why. It's like basically now that like with clon-- Good The last leg of the development overhead of Rust is now effectively zero. Would they? with it. Like the fact that all of about source and rest. It ends up being really Do you know how to generate code? It's even testing and compasses, like if rest doesn't compile, like... So anyway, long story short, basically long-sex getting replaced with the practice based rocks with the ruts with an also means inference, but also processors rest. But that also means we have to work with communities on whether or not we switch and we may be doing like incubation style projects or something like what you have here. And one of the reasons I care about is in order to you really? and I'm just kind of wondering what happens with your... granted the place will be different, but I'm adding... this spectrum and approach because. Now I just follow it. Yeah, totally. So for example, I have no rust knowledge. But the stuff that I've shown you, the CZ deck thing, this is completely written in rust. So it's a buzzing plugin. It's even buzzing, so I don't know about it. So it's a rust that compiles to a buzz. So W-- W-- [INTERPOSING VOICES] So this-- it's called a resin. So this... - And you said Wasm. - Wasm, yeah. - Oh, you were talking about moving into Rust-Wasm. - No, no, actually, no, I've, I've, this, you've seen this terminal T-Mux thing, right? And there, it says each has a, it's a plugin architecture based on Wasm. And, and I'm, I'm created the, the plugin with Rust that compiles to Wasm. - So, I got you. - And, and, and they have no clue of either of, neither of Rust nor of Wasm. So, this is something, so I-- - So, you have to help to get Rust-Wasm. (laughing) exactly. So, but I think this is for the language level, this this can work. So, because I don't look into code anymore anyway. So, don't look in that. What I have a little bit more challenges is when it's called conceptual wise, if it goes very deep in the network stack, for example, and then there I hit my limits and then I get a proposal from cloud that I do not really fully understand because there are some concepts that are just beyond my horizon. And what I really found out what is very helpful to to will to see you. where are my boundaries is to say code code. So you have created something. Can you create me a Christmas five questions, which I need to answer, which is really about this domain, this specific one. Yeah, I've done this before. Yeah. And then it gets there. And then then you see exactly, okay, if you don't care, if you can't answer these questions, then it's not, it's not something you can really super, can review what what cold code comes up with. So this is my, my, my way, how I say, do we really want to go that deep the rapid hole there or to be say okay no something we need to delegate to a group that knows more about networking for example or other stuff. For me it's kind of a litmus test to find out really where are my boundaries when using because the easiest thing is okay I trust you. So this is the easiest thing what you can do but this is typically the wrong thing because you must not trust. I completely of course I know nowadays what I can trust with and what not because There are certain things but sometimes I really need this kind of trying to write a blog post because I found this a quite nice technique to really challenge people to say, "Okay, do you really use your AI in the right mode or are you too trustworthy with the AI stuff or do you not critically enough?" Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's hilarious, like one of the things I do. Mesh type swarms of like the evaluation so I'll be like okay I hope. Okay. I'm like, okay, now I want you to-- Go on. form them into consensus groups and tackle different aspects of the proposal and let me know Are there any problems with this proposal, you know, and then it comes through There's the huge voting network of what they all decide. I agree with this problem. thing but I don't think it's important but here it is. Yeah so if you checked out guest town for that because it's I think it's similar and also then next step and then race lane so this is the build on guest town so even multiple guest towns together so this is just even are you using yes no no yes but I'm a little bit afraid about it because it's yeah so I'd like to see you in the next I was a little... some of the approaches they took out. Like I applaud. pretty cool what it does. Like I think it's like it's kind of They call it like the who's staying at resurrection thing or they'll like pull up Why did you do it this way? I think that's kind of a funny kind of... I don't know. Like my experiences, baby. bias there's really big problems. Good big solutions like that is interesting but Much better. but that like so the Asian glands the spec or the step and it seems like these a lot of these There more. to code so they can be the approach. Mm-hmm. as opposed to like incorporating real meaning. And so like that, I think I-- Get ready. is how do we-- how do we-- where things are clearly understood. They're integrated well. because that's what steps the work where the results are always good, like a control area. how it wants to and everybody could rewrite themselves. And then maybe it works out. - Yeah, exactly. So this is, I knew some project, formerly where you had GitHub project, where everybody could commit directly without any pull requests, policy or something like that. This was a little bit similar, this kind of anarchy. But what I found out is that you really need to take care about your code hygiene because it's something, For example, I had some, in my code, some, some... which was kind of refactored away, but the old code was left into the code base. So it was still there. And this kind of distracted code later on. So this is, it found this kind of tree never, not really detected that it was not executed, but it built everything around this kind of dead code. And then I finally had to tell, no, this is not used anymore. Okay, then it had to revert everything. But otherwise it was really super hard for, for code code to decide which of the branches are really the one that should work. And therefore it's super important to keep your own... My opinion. Yes, that's really good. That's really good suggestion Good, holy great. And the whole thing you talked about about the specs being consistent. Like, I had to force Claude. whenever you do. - Yeah, yeah, don't. - It's what I do, it's what I do, I love it. By the way, I never read any specs anymore. I don't read the code, I don't read the specs. I have only this very half an hour brainstorm phase upfront with tons of questions, tons of these micro-decisions that you make. And then you, and then you, and if you even added some extensions back in, which is called just ship, and then you just pick and then it makes a specification, the plan, the task, the implementation, the code reviews and everything in the fresh context of course, so that it uses code rabbits, so everything at the end you're done. Then you can... see how it goes. So it's really the full spectrum development process just after the brainstorm. It works good for for small for not for big ones because then it really gets, you have this context fatigue in between. So when it really gets tired over the run, get smears over the end. And I found out that context fatigue always starts at around 34. in your context is already full. It's not only after '67. as well. You need to be safe. Yeah, yeah, that bad. I mean, like what are the things I- I- I- But it's the whole thing. So basically like the only love step and wait. That's all. and like, wait. This is like, like, like, like, spec it also works. And, and also actually what I found out that it's super useful to use code code hooks for that, for, for this kind of card rights because you, something that really wants to take shortcuts. So it's just August. So if it sees already the, the, the end of the, the light of the, end of the tunnel, then it really says, okay, let's go click there. I don't need to, I know already how to do it. Yeah. Yeah. So that's really surprising. and today but I'm like didn't they As engineers, we always want to co- steps or whatever but like they are very gold driven and it 's like they mentioned it. This is also my experience. It's really something if as soon as they see some short-season shortcut it will take the shortcut regardless of the quality but they just want to finish. So it's really very golden. But it's how they are trained right? Yeah, but yet you're born on books like that Anyhow, anyhow. get some depressed, meet your friends. Ground. And then we try to keep the we always try It is funny cuz uh... Yeah, yeah, yeah. I was chatting with India. - Yeah. He was like, "Are you guys crazy about-" And so like, he works at walk. So that was-- - No. He's there talking about some of the layers. that I was like ridiculous. But he was talking about his that I was like basically like He tries to prevent... from ever happening. - Mm-hmm. - Percussion from ever happening. Like he basically like, minimizes the context as small as possible. So we took it even further. - Thank you. the least have like recovery mechanisms for that. But it's starting. Well, I just don't even allow. I don't even-- Yeah, whatever. cares. This is also about bonus for specks that you have this kind of permanent memory that you can easy you have to to clear your context up. So that the implementation always adhere to the specification, not some random thing that happening before that. And so you have really this kind of checkpoints and I think this is also quite good to keep your context. And of course you need to tailor your specs to not cover a too big feature. So it's also about how you cut your feature work and what is in the spec, right? So this is something you can easily do upfront. You know, okay, this is too large for a spec. So because you already know at the end it does, it's just not get to the end for what this use is. So you have to split it up on your own. So this is I have another call I got. Yeah, I've also run. So thanks a lot. It was very, very great. So some stats stay connected. And yeah, so if you know anything in the user or can hit with this AI gateway part, happy, happy to hit. So I'm totally separate rounded. So you're talking a little bit spoiler-free. Okay, perfect. Yeah, that'd be awesome. Alright, see you. Bye.
